what's good everybody is deep brown
Shanghai here and yesterday to Cape Town
the patch and repenting a whole bunch of
stuff they broke program they said they
fix something I don't know what a fix
but the only packs note that is of
importance to me that has any value to
me is that they put in the big paw print
shoot the co2 is baby then Lonzo as you
can see on the screen is geared up in
them like beat right now a good job oh
[Music]
it's okay it's okay just ten out of ten
right here this ten out of ten right
here looking a bad boy but I mean they
could done a better job you know with
the stitches on the side of Shu
alright look look at them the actual big
ball of bread I know what I said look at
the triple B's right there I told y'all
when they put Big Brother bring the game
um I'm getting sponsored by bigger man
I'm big baller and everything
i'ma side with Jordan but I'm not the
boy my contract right now to go put my
shoes on my my player oh my goodness
I wish therefore the mills in here too
how do you
look at them I like we contract we
leaving this right now we're gonna put
in one place
let's go put him on a player so we can
be all about big baller grand out in the
park
why is everybody just standing here like
a big ball of grand shooting come out
yesterday on 2k wise wash them out a
line outside of Foot Locker this but
before we go combat
let's go get deck down and a big baller
grand t-shirt giveaway oh let me get
this ingot fitted and dumped it but real
quick but it's big baller debut you know
welcome to Shanghai elevated be sure to
LIKE and subscribe for more content
no custom let's get it every time we
come up in you
that's the first time breath let's go
boy this video this video was meant to
be inside of this video were meant to be
because there wasn't no cutscene so
let's go and put on this big baller
brand t-shirt I actually bought the
wrong Big Bob Randy shirt when I bought
it I bought a big bottle grand t-shirt
that has ovo on the back over freaking
bottoms don't get out of my house where
you are even going no don't go to the
counter get out leaves this is the
elevator follow me get out of here
Shammi yes kou so we are arriving at
footlocker and we got two cops on big
baller brain here let's get this Oh -
baby I see nobody else where am I see
nobody
oh my goodness I see nobody wears long
little more shoes on the party ever
[Music]
would they be under the to change in
there
I know I know they denied
[Music]
all right I'm not gonna freak out I'm
not gonna freak out
you're not gonna throw no controllers
we're not gonna throw a temper tantrum
I'm not gonna flip my chair bruh this is
I don't what what do i do what do I do
about this
they say they put them in the game is
that another shoe store I can go to me
like where could they be then Medina's
this video was not supposed to be a rant
I ranted yesterday not to k12 going on
the rant but I'm not gonna do it I'm not
gonna give him the satisfaction
brother ok so all I would do is play in
the low twos where that's all I want to
do that's why my overall in labor yet
cuz I'm wait I was waiting for though
tools to come out I didn't want to play
park like that until the line of our
shoes came out whatever Melos came out
this is classic 2k but they put them in
the game and make them not available for
purchase there's no way to end this
video I can't just do like old world
there was two bad guys we couldn't get
machine what am I supposed to do
2k you leaving me ever got really hold
me on this one but they all 2k I'm
always trying to hold me bro I'm gonna
I'm gonna just go ahead and wrap this
video of a flag it man because I get mad
I'm gonna start cursing my CPM gonna go
down and then I'm gonna have to freakin
start know what's on the net we're gonna
make money to pay rent
I'm gonna go to when I go to jail you
know happen in jail
so instead of all that I'm gonna drop
the video right here I won't say if you
enjoyed this video I'll say hey if you
were excited about big baller brand
shoes being in the game leave a like you
know and if you have a subscribe to the
channel subscribe because it doesn't
always turn out like this all my videos
on my bill disappointing tremendously
but you know sometimes it happens you
know life is life
as always i'm dean faiello expect to
once again but as always gonna be
brought in high and i'm gonna buy the
air without nobody bother
[Music]